Day2 cont.

Read Chapters 10, 11, and 12 on What is CSS, Color, and Text from HTML and CSS: Design and Build Websites
Answer these questions about the reading in your mod 0 capstone gist:

What is the purpose of CSS?
- is to seperate content from style.
What does CSS stand for? 
cascading style sheets
What does cascading mean in this case?
- it cascades or goes down thru the styles applying them so that specific items can be picked out to change the style. 
What is the basic structure of a CSS rule?
h1, h2, h3 {
	font-family: arial;
	color: lightblue;
}
How do you link a CSS stylesheet to your HTML document?
<link href="css/styles.css" type="text/css">

When is it useful to use external stylesheets as opposed to using interal CSS?
most of the time it is useful to use external style sheets. The bigger the website the more useful external style sheets are. several pages can link to the same web page.
Describe what a color hex code is.
values represent for the colors red, green and blue.

What are the three parts of an HSL color property?
hue, saturation, lightness

In the world of typeface, what are the three main categories of fonts? 
serif, sans-serif and monospace.

What are the differences between them?
serif have extra details on the ends of the main strokes making it easier to read in print.
sans-serif have straight ends making a cleaner image.
monospace take up a fixed width making them align nicely

When specifiying font-size, what are the main three units used?
pixels, percentages and ems

With the page you created in CodePen, add to it:

Add a color to the text of all of your headings (using hex codes).

For your h1 heading, add a background color.

Make your headings a serif font, and make the paragraph text a sans-serif font.

Change a snipet of paragraph text to be italic using the font-style property (do not use the <i></i> in this case).

For later: Something for Show-and-Tell

You've notice that we've been building on the same "pen" throughout the mod 0 capstone so far. On day 7, you will spend the day building a completely new site using Sublime Text (not CodePen). You'll take what you've learned throughout days 1-6 and apply it to a completely new webpage. During the first couple days of class, you'll share what you've made on day 7 with your cohort. Just something to keep in mind over these next few days!


