Daily Warm Up
Work through typing.io as described in Daily Warm Up.

Learn About Your Text Editor - Sublime Text!
Here is a series of videos to get you started learning about Sublime Text. You'll be using Sublime Text throughout your time at Turing, so it's a good idea to invest some time learning about it.

Make A New Webpage Using Sublime Text!
Instead of using CodePen to create this webpage, let's use Sublime Text - our text editor. Create a folder (also known as a directory) on your computer to hold your site's files.

Within your folder, create two files:

index.html to hold your HTML code
style.css to hold your CSS code
Your site should contain (but is not limited to):

Content about a subject you are passionate about! (something not about coding)
Headings
Text in paragraphs (include two different fonts)
Links
Images
A list (ordered or unordered)
A form
Usage of color
To see the HTML code that you've written in the browser, find the index.html file in Finder, and open it using Chrome. Don't forget to link your stylesheet in your index.html file!

If you're having trouble using Sublime Text to create a webpage, then go ahead and use CodePen to get something built for your new site, but we would prefer that you use Sublime Text.

User Interface/User Experience (UI/UX)
There is a great series of UI/UX posts called UX Crash Course: 31 Fundamentals. Read the first three, short posts: What is UX?, User Goals & Business Goals, and The 5 Main Ingredients of UX.
After you're done reading the third post, read through the each section of questions again: Psychology, Usability, Design, Copywriting, and Analysis. Choose one question from each of these sections (so 5 total questions), and find one site that is good at supporting that question, and find another site that violates that question.

Post links to the sites and brief descriptions in your mod 0 capstone gist.

Submit Your Module 0 Capstone
Your mod 0 capstone should now consist of three separate gist files:

Your technical mod 0 capstone (answers to all of the questions listed on this page and links to your Codepen work)
Professional Development
Gear Up
Submit your mod 0 capstone using the Google form on this page. Again, your mod 0 capstone submission (with all three gists) is due according to the date on turing.io/prep.

Within the first day or two of class, you will also show off the website you made on Day 7. We can't wait to see you in class!